---
title: About [0x1BC2]
abbrlink: 1
date: 1999-01-01 00:00:00
tags: meta
---

This is the blog and personal page of `Aleksandr Boyko`.
Mostly about programming stuff. My native is Russian.

I've worked at `Gaijin Entertaiment` on PC and mobile games, engine and related tools. Mostly worked as general developer on mobile games.

I've started at 2008, at the beginning of the second wave of ex-USSR gamedev (after 2007-"industrion in the dark" period), and create games for iPhone/iPad platform almost from the very beginning. I made several published shareware windows games, and several ios/android games with proprietary engine (manually ported from cross-platform windows/next-gen consoles engine) with a small team.
Some of my personal story after [10 years in gamedev](https://spiiin.github.io/blog/3652741154/)(in Russian).

Now I am working at `MyTona` as lead developer. I really enjoy to make games and to play it.

I am doing:
**`- Profiling and optimizations`**
**`- Middleware for games`**
**`- Visual effects`**
**`- Porting engines at different platforms`**
**`- Engine improvements`**

Also, as usual team lead, i am doing lot of *stuff*, like:
**`- Improving working pipelines`**
**`- Team management`**
**`- Exploring ideas and technologies`**
**`- Watching for game-dev industry`**
**`- Working as honest programmer`** -- {% post_link 210816-honest-programmer-manifest 'Honest programmer manifest' %}

Also, my hobbies are: 
**`- Travelling`**
**`- Juggling`**
**`- NES games researching`**
**`- Gaming`**

My old pet project:

[CadEditor](https://github.com/spiiin/CadEditor) - universal level editor for more than 100 old console games, written as customizable platform for create own level-editors


You can contact me:
`sanya.boyko at gmail.com`
https://github.com/spiiin